++ Conversation System

My name is Improfane and I am author of IJP, a Pokemon fangame. A conversation system creates the impression of communication between a player and an NPC. I couldn't find any usable chat bots that were easy to customize so I created my own. I was inspired by Starcontrol II ( Ur Quan Masters) and The Sims Bustin' Out on Game Boy Advance.

Programmed in Javascript, this CS can be ported into practically any language. The first thing is to create a list of possible expressions - everything that can be said in a conversation:

convo_strings = [
"It was fascinating",
"Hello",
"I found it rather boring. I guess you're into that?",
"I certainly did. It was fascinating.",
"Yes, but only for educational purposes",
"Yeah it was good. Did you go?",
"I made a mission to visit landmarks, I've been to most of them"
"Hi, have you ever been to Stonehenge?",
"Any particular reason?",
"That's a shame",
"Ahh! Like me then",
"Oh? Not for me, can't get enough.",
"I went",
"Well... what did you think of it?"
] ;

Using this list of strings, I decide what to begin with:
    Hi, Have you ever been to Stonehenge?
After this, I decide on what the possible responses are for the user:
    I went
    Yeah it was good. Did you go?
    I made a mission to visit landmarks, I've been to most of them
    Yes, but only for educational purposes
    I found it rather boring. I guess you're into that?
Replies to these statements are:
    Well...what did you think of it?
    I certainly did. It was fascinating.
    Ahh! Like me then
    Oh? Not for me can't get enough.
    That's a shame.

These possible responses then fragment again with possible replies. This can then conintue infinitely.



