++ Physical Memory

PhysicalMemory is the physical [Hardware] behind [Memory]. PM is implemented as:
    * RAM
    * HardDrive (virtual memory)

++Architecture

Information regarding PM includes:
    * manufacturer
    * model number
    * technology type: SDRAM, DDR
    * speed
    * price when tracked through the HardwareManager

Knowledge of the motherboard, existing RAM and [Compatibility] means that TheSystem can determine the correct type of RAM. These details are CrossReferential to entity and information pages to HelpTheUser understand and for a ComprehensiveSystem. TS can also make recommendations on how much more memory would be useful by checking memory consumption statistics, such as the virtual memory efficiency.

Information is viewable through [Portalling] UserInterfaces to make a ComprehensiveSystem. NoLying forces TheSystem is necessary so that it accurately represents how much memory is available. DataMapping is used to provide a RealRepresentation of the RAM by breaking down the consumption groups.

The breakdown of memory consumption is stored in [Bases] as categories:
    * video card: hypermemory
    * operating system
    * drivers

[Portalling] of PhysicalMemory
file:///C|/Documents%20and%20Settings/sam/My%20Documents/Pictures/Ideas/installed_memory.PNG

The actual breakdown of running application's is expanded by LogicalMemory.



why do i only have Xyz available memory for use, what's taking it up? video card & operating system

++Stored
    * benchmarks