++ Product System

PS provides allows [Users] to interact with products by [Standardization] of product [Comparison] and [Portalling].

The PS is essential for ControlledCommercial and CommercialIntegration because it provides a bridge from product discovery and product purchase. IntegratedAdvertising relies on the PS for potential products.

PS [Data] is in the form of [Inventory] and catalogues. PS is designed for [Pooling] and obtains these from a combination of:
    * from companies themselves
    * Meta organisations
    * private individuals CollaborativeData in a DistributedDataNetwork
The CommunityNetwork runs a PS for applications with the OfficiallyAcceptedCertification and the NativeCompetition. CollaborativeData for other products is also maintained.

++Implementation 
Products typically include:
    * [Hardware]
    * [Applications]
    * real life objects

Products require SpecializedScreens to be AccurateInterface and ReliableInterfaces. Conflicts occur between [Users] and [Business] in how to display products.
    * [Business]es are able to style the data originating from their own catalogue but this [Users] can override for [Standardization]

BaseInteraction]s can help [Users] analyse and compare products efficiently. TheSystem can make comparisons to determine to decide on the technically superior product:
    * [Compatibility]
    * [Capability]
    * [Extensibility]

PS is useful for InterchangeableImplementations or [SelectableImplementations].

Other properties for comparison are specific to the individual product.
    * Price
    * Size physical/logical
    Logical/Physical size converter...100MB file - fits on 1 CD rom or flash drive (in your possession)

[Users] may also utilize other properties. This is because [Users] requirements may be different to that of technical superiority.
    * [Legality] - what license is it?
    * [Authoring] - could the user modify it
    * [Compatibility] - file formats you could open
    * [Capability]

[Pooling] additional information from external sources helps [Users] make better choices.
    * CollaborativeData, DistributedStatistics
    * [ReviewStore]s
    * Whitepapers
    * Polls
    * Screenshots
    * Media
    * Demonstrations

[Network] enables CrossReferential [Links] to:
    * [Forum]s
    * [Chat]