++ Roleplay

Background
The empire is a benevolent consolidation of Earth's greatest societies. The empire added stability to the planet and created an era of acceptance.

With the problems at home solved, the humans were free to qualm their biggest thirst of all - curiosity. The inhospitable bitterness of space did not prevent the empire from launching into space.  The explosion of technological breakthrough introduced numerous space faring vessels. The empire was loose and allowed the societies to separately manufacture and run space divisions. One of these divisions was the EESP.

With colonies on Mars, Neptune and the Moon. The Empire felt they were on-top of the solar system.

The Earth Empire Space Patrol (EESP) was responsible for exploration on the most outer borders. Far away from home, these troops where the first to know about incoming celestial bodies and invaders. The GSV was the first mass produced starship created by the EESP. The GSV boasts a simple array of two forward machine guns and a sleek and horizontal design. Incredibly maneuverable, the ship was the most important transport vehicle of the empire.

Combat was relatively underdeveloped for most of the empire's space vessels. Most of the ships in transit were large cargo ships escorted with a GSV. With nobody to challenge vehicles in combat, the empire became complacent.

No empire lasts forever. Scouts of the 63rd GSV division, between Neptune and Pluto detected an unidentified small vehicle which was classified as a scout ship. Now hostilities were detected but this marks a significant generation of human and the empire development.

The Valiant Lieu is a prototype starship of the VSV class. The VSV is the Versatile Space Vehicle class and is designed for longer journeys in space. With 5 more decks than the GSV, the VSV is more than twice as large. Equipped with 10 decks, this ship mans 90 crew, commanded by 4 officers. Primary armaments are four forward machine guns and two magnetically driven slug cannons as secondaries. Hull plating is a quarter of a metre thick and can deflect the projectiles of the ships own armaments. The GSV is maneuverable but less so than the GSV. The ship is designed to be self sufficient with oxygen recycling, a hydroponic bay for food and a waste recycling facility. The engines are nuclear powered but are incredibly stable given strong magnetic fields.

Captained by Impro Fane and 3 other senior staff, the Valiant Lieu is the front line for earth defence. Featuring state of the art technology, the Valiant is stationed on Neptune's 2nd station for fast takeoff and is on drills around a large perimeter around the First Identification (1I). This event is regarded as the most important event in the empire since it led to the first ever contact with a foreign entity.

Five years passed without further interaction. Most inhabitants of the empire has lost faith with alien theories and regarded it as a hoax. An incoming fleet of 10 GSV-sized ships entered the system within the patrol perimeter a few thousand KM of the original scout. The newly arrived paused for 1 earth hour and resumed course for Neptune. CommunicationSoftware proved futile. A larger fleet of ships entered the solar system. This second fleet had different vehicle designs and was classified as a second unidentified race. These were slightly smaller than VSV ships and immediately accelerated towards the first fleet.

A firefight ensued between the two races until the first fleet was obliterated. This is known as the 2I. The empire's decision was to avoid all interference. The remnants of the second fleet transmitted on all frequencies with sentient patterns. Neptune replied on the frequency that the alien ship that was detected as the most strong. The patient alien ships maintained a patient orbit around Neptune while the empire's scientists tried to communicate with the alien ship.

Eventually the species were able to communicate with the most standard language of them all: numbers. Streams of numbers were delivered that represented the distance from Neptune of the alien ship. This stream fluctuated when the fleet detected the first fleet and accelerated rapidly toward them. Neptune managed to communicate permission to land by reducing this number to 0. A signal to land on the planet. Days after the landing and studying of the ship, Neptune managed to create a biosphere to support the atmosphere of its inhabitants. The patient aliens were obviously not hostile and exited the ship.

The aliens were remarkably human like. It became apparent that they too, had voice boxes and could communicate with one another. Empire scientists begun making noise exchanges and analysing the vocal patterns. With the technology apparently on board of the alien vessel, the aliens did the same. No signs of hostility.

The empire had utilized a vocal translator for the earth's various cultures. The question was whether it could be used for the aliens. 3 days after the 2nd Identification, the aliens were attempting to transfer an object to us. Roughly six inches in height, the object was stylized like humans. It had grills at the top and bottom faces. When the button was pressed, the aliens could be heard in English. The aliens had obviously listened to the human voice and learned how to translate alien vocals into it.

The concerns over the hostility of the race was set aside when the aliens reported that the probe was actually sent by them. Like the empire, they were a benevolent race keen on peace and share. Unfortunately, the probe was intercepted by a recent incursion to their own galaxy. This incursion was of the same species of the first fleet. The probe had been disassembled and its contents stolen. This race's council determined it was their own fault and should be sent to save the empire.

The friendly aliens, or, the 'Kiip' as they like to refer to themselves (in English) proposed an alliance as the situation is dangerous for both species. The Empire accepted and quickly burst a energy of co-operation between the races. The next week resulted in a fully repaired Kiip ship and knowledge of Kiip technology. The Kiip had yet to see the GSV or VSV in combat and had no ability to help.

Personalities
The Kiips are incredibly calm, formal species. The culture has demonstrated itself to be responsible since it has defended Neptune from invasion.

Please make your own ship or become a crew member of the Valiant Lieu.

Notes: Technology should not exceed charged bullets. We will not get to laser weapons. Shields are however an acceptable technology.